{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Pack different!\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \'a9 2004-2010 St\'8ephane Sudre. All rights reserved.
\f0\b\fs24 \
\

\f2\b0 \
\

\f1\fs22 Thanks to Tobias Haughton, Yann Bizeul, Christopher R. (for his enlightening answers) and all the users who reported bugs and suggestions.
\f0\b\fs24 \
\
\
Czech Localization
\f2\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs20 \cf2 Jan Cinert
\f0\b\fs24 \
\
Polish Localization
\f2\b0 \
\

\f3\fs20 Krzysztof Nadzieja (krzysztof.irc@gmail.com)
\f0\b\fs24 \
\
\
Acknowledgments
\f2\b0 \
\
Portions of this Software may utilize the following copyrighted material, the use of which is hereby acknowledged.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Karelia Software, LLC
\f2\b0  (NSString category)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs20 \cf2 Copyright \'a9 2003 Karelia Software, LLC.  All rights reserved. \
\
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies. \
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \
\
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. 
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Mike Ferris
\f2\b0  (MOKit)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs20 \cf2 Portions Copyright (c) 1996-2006 Mike Ferris. All Rights Reserved. \
\
This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of Original Code as defined in and that are subject to the Ferris Public Source License Version 1.2 (the 'License'). You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at http://www.lorax.com/publicsource and read it before using this file. \
\
The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND MIKE FERRIS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please see the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Nathan Day
\f2\b0  (NDResourceFork)\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs20 \cf2 Copyright (c) 2001 Nathan Day. All rights reserved.}